check outside
I gotta tell you something pal you still
got it you got every move though you
were dense
I'm sore tonight Frenchie believe me
story for another time
good days three pigs were in were out
where you say you serious really yeah
who's this it's called a car mate no
it's a wheelchair with a real frenchie
it's clean it's quiet
they smell like your laughs on the
inside all right we have to first then
Las Vegas does the end of the shoe
salesman nobody's talking to of noise
possible around so you already prepared
the Redis let's have it if the bad to
mr. French dumped violence brothers I'm
done I'm with varnas what's that
supposed to make it beans no more
hurting my fellow man
bang-bang
[Music]
good job with the non-violence thing by
the way at dinner real good job that
might impressive
you